This directory contains handy auxiliary programs:

adtrace/
	Makefile and source for the adtrace utility. This program is used
	in conjunction with the localnetMAC.pl perl script to compute the
	network address that compose the internal and extern nets that bro
	is monitoring. This program when run by itself just reads a pcap
	(tcpcump) file and writes out the src MAC, dst MAC, src IP, dst
	IP for each packet seen in the file. This output is processed by
	the localnetMAC.pl script during 'make install'.

bdcat/
	A utility for decrypting encrypted Bro log files.

contrib/
	Unsupported contributions to Bro.

nftools/
	Utilities for dealing with Bro's custom file format for storing
	NetFlow records.  nfcollector reads NetFlow data from a socket
	and writes it in Bro's format.  ftwire2bro reads NetFlow "wire"
	format (e.g., as generated by a 'flow-export' directive) and writes
	it in Bro's format.

rst/
	Makefile and source for the rst utility. "rst" can be invoked by
	a Bro script to terminate an established TCP connection by forging
	RST tear-down packets.  See terminate_connection() in conn.bro.

scripts/
	A set of utility scripts for use with Bro.

	bro_logchk: orders and scans through FTP and HTTP logs
	host-grep: greps a summary file for a particular host's activities
	host-to-addrs: converts a hostname to a list of IP addresses
	hot-report: formats a summary file in a readable fashion
	ip-grep: returns a grep pattern for a given IP address
	mon-report: summarizes a particular host's activity
	mvlog: compresses and archives log files
    gen-mozilla-ca-list.rb: generate list of Mozilla SSL root
        certificates in a format readable by Bro.

Some formerly included programs are now distributed separately:

cf/
    cf reads lines from stdin and if the line begins with a number,
    then it assumes that the number corresponds to a Unix timestamp
    and replaces it with the corresponding local time in a readable
    format.  Useful for running on log files.  See cf/cf.man.txt for
    documentation.

    Available at ftp://ee.lbl.gov/cf.tar.gz

hf/
	The main utility in this subdirectory is hf, which translates
	any dotted-quad (in text) appearing on stdin to the corresponding
	DNS hostname (via a PTR lookup) on stdout.

    Available at ftp://ee.lbl.gov/hf.tar.gz

create-cert/
    A tool to create SSL certificates for secure Bro/Broccoli
    communication.

    Available at ftp://ee.lbl.gov/create-cert.tar.gz

